# Volunteer Hour Tracking

The purpose of this project is to develop a way to track my volunteer hours for various ongoing projects / entities. This is a personal project, and is not intended for use by others.

If at some point, other might want to use this app, there are things I am not taking into consideration, like data security, password protections, and other administrative tasks.

## Project Goals
I would like to be able to open a deployed app, enter my name and maybe a password? Basic protection? And be able to view several things.

- Log in
- Select Entity
    - Church
    - Columbus Glass Art Center
    - Jazz Arts Group
    - Anything Else? (Code for America would be a great, eventually)
- Log Hours
    - current day or recent past?
    - Number of hours
    - Display a table of the Start / End times logged
    - Cumulative calculation plot? 
        - visuals are fun, but not necessary

## Structure

How should I structure this app?  In my head, the back-end would be pretty simple, a series of folders, with the username, and a password to protect the folder.  

- Username Folder (pwd protection?)
    - year
        - month
            - csv file per entity (csv name == name of the entity)
                - Maybe Fields could be generated by [ShinySurveys]()
                - Fields
                    - Date
                    - Start time
                    - End time
                    - Total Time calculation for a single observation / row
                    - Cumulative hours




